the award for female performance in a
comedy is completely different
to that of a male performance in a
comedy
and here to talk about this at length is
the
bafta award-winning greg davies
[Music]
hello richard how are you greg i'm all
right thank you
i'm very excited are you i'm very
excited because
my program just won a bafta oh yeah we
we said that don't never regret it
oh what are you here for well i'm here
to meet the nominees aren't we
yeah all right here they are hello
everyone
hey hi potentially congratulations
i haven't got one yet no i know i said
potentially
no the hair the hair that's great
good gosh good baby that's great for
banter isn't it greg
i i'm going to go straight to the um i'm
going to go straight to the scripted
scene
it's all right but i'm going to do it in
a seamless manner
go on hello
women in comedy are at the vanguard of
the best work being produced today
female-led shows rightly dominate any
sensible discussion on originality
and it's a great thrill to be asked to
present the bafta for best
female performance in a comedy bafta is
keen to celebrate
all four of the nominees in this
important category
and you know how i know that because
they
are watching in from the safety of their
homes
whereas i am here in a studio
during a global pandemic i suppose i
should just be grateful
that i wasn't asked to present this
whilst teetering on the edge of an
active volcano
or panic surfing on a tsunami the
message
is clear bafta has its favorites
and the rest of us are nothing more than
cannon fodder
ayawadi thinks this is a career high for
him it isn't mate
we're both collateral damage the moment
there's a vaccine
norton will be parachuted straight back
in where's norton is he here
no he's not he's at home wearing a mask
where it's safe
that said one honor it is to present the
award
and here are the nominees
[Music]
and the bafta goes to
sean clifford for fleabag
oh wow
i don't think you can see phoebe but uh
uh
oh my god sorry this is so unexpected
oh my god i don't even believe in
competition and all of the women that
i'm recognized with
including the world including the one
i wouldn't even be who because of
oh my god this is unbelievable thank you
thank you to everyone in my jury
i was on a jury for the first time this
year in fact it was my
first zoom of uh of lockdown so
it was memorable and the connection was
terrible so thank you to everyone who
like
endured that process um
thank you to everyone involved on our
project you've
been incredible i wouldn't be here like
there is no claire without fleabag
um i honestly don't i don't know what to
say this is
so stupid and so weird and so surreal
and
sarah and bemi you're amazing and um i
hope you're celebrating today because
we're all winners here
um it's all kind of a nonsense really
it's
thank you a beautiful mess thank you
thank you thank you i think the word
you're looking for were you beat
phoebe um and that is why we need camera
people
okay get a grip